then the Lord answered job out of the
then the Lord answered job out of the whirlwind who is this with darkens
whirlwind who is this with darkens
whirlwind who is this with darkens counsel by words without knowledge now
counsel by words without knowledge now
counsel by words without knowledge now prepare yourself like a man I will
prepare yourself like a man I will
prepare yourself like a man I will question you and you shall answer me
question you and you shall answer me
question you and you shall answer me where were you when I laid the
where were you when I laid the
where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth tell me if you
foundations of the earth tell me if you
foundations of the earth tell me if you have understanding who determined its
have understanding who determined its
have understanding who determined its measurements surely you know or who
measurements surely you know or who
measurements surely you know or who stretched the line upon it - what were
stretched the line upon it - what were
stretched the line upon it - what were its foundations fastened or who laid its
its foundations fastened or who laid its
its foundations fastened or who laid its cornerstone when the morning stars sang
cornerstone when the morning stars sang
cornerstone when the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted
together and all the sons of God shouted
together and all the sons of God shouted for joy
for joy
for joy or who shut in the sea with doors when
or who shut in the sea with doors when
or who shut in the sea with doors when it burst forth and issued from the wound
it burst forth and issued from the wound
it burst forth and issued from the wound when I made the clouds its garland and
when I made the clouds its garland and
when I made the clouds its garland and thick darkness its swaddling band when I
thick darkness its swaddling band when I
thick darkness its swaddling band when I fixed my limit for it and said bars and
fixed my limit for it and said bars and
fixed my limit for it and said bars and doors when I said this far you may come
doors when I said this far you may come
doors when I said this far you may come but no father and hear your proud waves
but no father and hear your proud waves
but no father and hear your proud waves versus cotton have you commanded the
versus cotton have you commanded the
versus cotton have you commanded the morning since your days began and caused
morning since your days began and caused
morning since your days began and caused the dawn to know its place that it might
the dawn to know its place that it might
the dawn to know its place that it might take hold of the ends of the earth and
take hold of the ends of the earth and
take hold of the ends of the earth and the wicked be shaken out of it it takes
the wicked be shaken out of it it takes
the wicked be shaken out of it it takes on form like clay under a seal and
on form like clay under a seal and
on form like clay under a seal and stands out like a garland from the
stands out like a garland from the
stands out like a garland from the wicked their light is withheld and the
wicked their light is withheld and the
wicked their light is withheld and the upraised arm is broken have you entered
upraised arm is broken have you entered
upraised arm is broken have you entered the springs of the sea or have you
the springs of the sea or have you
the springs of the sea or have you walked in search of the dirts have the
walked in search of the dirts have the
walked in search of the dirts have the gates of death been revealed to
gates of death been revealed to
gates of death been revealed to or have you seen the doors of the shadow
or have you seen the doors of the shadow
or have you seen the doors of the shadow of death have you comprehended the
of death have you comprehended the
of death have you comprehended the breadth of the earth tell me if you know
breadth of the earth tell me if you know
breadth of the earth tell me if you know all this
all this
all this where is the way to the dwelling of
where is the way to the dwelling of
where is the way to the dwelling of light and darkness where is its place
light and darkness where is its place
light and darkness where is its place but you may take it to its territory
but you may take it to its territory
but you may take it to its territory that you may know the paths to its home
that you may know the paths to its home
that you may know the paths to its home do you know it because you were born
do you know it because you were born
do you know it because you were born then or because the number of your days
then or because the number of your days
then or because the number of your days is great have you entered the treasury
is great have you entered the treasury
is great have you entered the treasury of snow or have you seen the Treasury of
of snow or have you seen the Treasury of
of snow or have you seen the Treasury of hail which I have reserved for the time
hail which I have reserved for the time
hail which I have reserved for the time of trouble for the day of battle and war
of trouble for the day of battle and war
of trouble for the day of battle and war by what way is light diffused or the
by what way is light diffused or the
by what way is light diffused or the east wind scattered over the earth who
east wind scattered over the earth who
east wind scattered over the earth who has divided a channel for the
has divided a channel for the
has divided a channel for the overflowing water or a path for the
overflowing water or a path for the
overflowing water or a path for the Thunderbolt to cause it to rain on a
Thunderbolt to cause it to rain on a
Thunderbolt to cause it to rain on a land where there is known a wilderness
land where there is known a wilderness
land where there is known a wilderness in which there is no man to satisfy the
in which there is no man to satisfy the
in which there is no man to satisfy the desolate wastes and cause to spring
desolate wastes and cause to spring
desolate wastes and cause to spring forth the growth of tender grass has the
forth the growth of tender grass has the
forth the growth of tender grass has the rain of father or who has begotten the
rain of father or who has begotten the
rain of father or who has begotten the drops of dew from whose womb comes the
drops of dew from whose womb comes the
drops of dew from whose womb comes the ice and the frost of heaven who gives it
ice and the frost of heaven who gives it
ice and the frost of heaven who gives it birth
birth
birth the water's hardened like stone and the
the water's hardened like stone and the
the water's hardened like stone and the surface of the deep is frozen can you
surface of the deep is frozen can you
surface of the deep is frozen can you bind the cluster of the Pleiades or
bind the cluster of the Pleiades or
bind the cluster of the Pleiades or loose the belt of Orion can you bring
loose the belt of Orion can you bring
loose the belt of Orion can you bring out Nazareth in its season or can you
out Nazareth in its season or can you
out Nazareth in its season or can you guide the Great Bear with its curves do
guide the Great Bear with its curves do
guide the Great Bear with its curves do you know the ordinances of the heavens
you know the ordinances of the heavens
you know the ordinances of the heavens can you set their dominion over the
can you set their dominion over the
can you set their dominion over the earth can you lift up your voice to the
earth can you lift up your voice to the
earth can you lift up your voice to the crowds that an abundance of water may
crowds that an abundance of water may
crowds that an abundance of water may coming
coming
coming can you send out lightnings but they may
can you send out lightnings but they may
can you send out lightnings but they may go and say to you here we are
go and say to you here we are
go and say to you here we are who has put wisdom in or who has given
who has put wisdom in or who has given
who has put wisdom in or who has given understanding to the heart who can
understanding to the heart who can
understanding to the heart who can number the clouds by wisdom or who can
number the clouds by wisdom or who can
number the clouds by wisdom or who can pour out the bodies of heaven when the
pour out the bodies of heaven when the
pour out the bodies of heaven when the dust hardens in clumps and the clods
dust hardens in clumps and the clods
dust hardens in clumps and the clods cling together can you hunt the prey for
cling together can you hunt the prey for
cling together can you hunt the prey for the lion or satisfy the appetite of the
the lion or satisfy the appetite of the
the lion or satisfy the appetite of the young lions when they crouch in their
young lions when they crouch in their
young lions when they crouch in their dens or lurk in their lairs to lie in
dens or lurk in their lairs to lie in
dens or lurk in their lairs to lie in wait who provides food for the Raven
wait who provides food for the Raven
wait who provides food for the Raven when it's young ones cry to God and
when it's young ones cry to God and
when it's young ones cry to God and wander about for lack of food